# Glossary

You may encounter some unfamiliar concepts in the documentation. This section lists the common terms in the documentation for easy reference.

## Site

That is, the website, SiteServer CMS is a website group system, and each site is assigned a separate file directory, column structure and content data.

The primary site refers to the site where the site directory is located in the root directory of the SiteServer CMS. Only one site can be created. The child site refers to a site that has a separate folder as the site directory. You can create as many sites as you want, and the child sites can also create sites for lower-level sites and lower-level sites. The folder is stored in the parent site folder.

## Channel

Columns are also called channels or menus for categorizing the contents of a site. Columns are similar to folders, and you can create lower-level columns to form a tree structure.

The home page of the site is also a column, except that this column has no parent node and is the root node of all columns in the site.

## Content

The content represents the data that the SiteServer CMS needs to add, delete, and modify. It can be articles, news, blogs, videos, even site links, advertisements, and other structured data that can be content.

An article can only belong to a specific column, and the STL tag is usually positioned by the column to obtain the content.

## Template

A template is an HTML file that contains a display style. Usually, the template file contains HTML tags, CSS tags, JS tags, and STL tags. When generating a static page, the system needs to obtain the contents of the template file, parse and replace the template file. STL tag.

Templates are divided into home page templates, channel templates, content templates, and file templates, depending on the type of page generated by the system.

## Static

Static pages, also known as HTML pages, are relative to dynamic pages. A static web page does not mean that the elements in the web page are static, but that there is no program code in the web page file, only HTML (hypertext markup language) mark, and the general suffix is ​​.htm, .html, .shtml or .json. .xml and so on.

Once a static page is generated, the content will not change anymore, and the content displayed will be the same no matter who is accessed.

If you want to modify the content of a static page, you must regenerate this page through the SiteServer CMS.

## Dynamic

The dynamic webpage means that in addition to the HTML markup in the webpage file, some program code for realizing a specific function is included, and the program code enables interaction between the browser and the server, that is, the server side can dynamically generate the webpage content according to different requests of the client. .

The suffix name of a dynamic web page usually varies according to the programming language used, and is generally .asp, .aspx, cgi, .php, .perl, .jsp, and the like.

Dynamic pages each visit requires access to the database content, while easily hacked, so SiteServer CMS does not support dynamic page, if you want to realize the function of dynamic pages, you can `<stl:dynamic>` dynamically load data into dynamic label.