# Directory Structure

## System directory structure

SS CMS follows the principle of "Convention is better than configuration", the recommended document structure is as follows:

::: vue
.
├── log
├── assets
├── wwwroot
│   ├── SiteFiles
│   │   ├── Administrators
│   │   ├── Users
│   │   ├── SiteTemplates
│   │   ├── TemporaryFiles
│   │   └── database.sqlite
│   │ 
│   ├── **
│   └── index.html
│ 
├── `appsettings.json`
├── `sscms.exe`
├── `sscms.json`
└── `web.config`
:::

- `log`: log directory, can be configured through appsettings.json.
- `assets`: Resource files required for background operation, such as css, js, etc., which contain a menu folder for storing background permissions and menu configuration.
- `wwwroot`: Static resource directory. If there is a folder that the master station will use as the master station, all files located in this folder can be publicly accessed.
- `wwwroot/SiteFiles`: Used to store public files of the station group, such as administrator avatars and site template files.
- `wwwroot/**`: Where ** represents a specific folder. If you create a site (non-master) in SS CMS, the system will store the site files in the specified folder.
- `wwwroot/index.html`: The default `index.html` file as the default page.
- `*.dll`: .NET Core Class Library.
- `appsettings.json`: .NET Core APP configuration file.
- `sscms.exe`: SS CMS main program, run this file to start SS CMS system.
- `sscms.json`: SS CMS configuration file, used to store key information such as database connection strings and cache connection strings.
- `web.config`: For IIS deployment under Windows operating system, non-IIS deployment can be deleted.

## Site directory structure

SS CMS station group is a CMS system that can create any number of sites, each site in the system root directory `wwwroot` folder in the directory structure has a corresponding file:

::: vue
.
└── siteDir
    ├── Template
    │   └── Content
    │ 
    ├── T_系统首页模板.html
    └── index.html
:::

- `siteDir`: Site directory, created by the system when adding a new site, if the site is master, site directory `wwwroot` , or directory sites `wwwroot` directory subfolder.
- `Template`: Used to store templates other than the homepage template.
- `Template/Content`: Used to store site content templates.
- `T_系统首页模板.html`: Home page template, will be generated by the site home page template index.htmlfile.
- `index.html`: Site homepage file.